Abstract and reference annotations (#16)
greenelab/biopriors-review: content/01.abstract.md

## Abstract {.page_break_before}

> In biomedical applications of machine learning, it is often the case that relevant information has a rich structure that is not easily encoded as real-valued predictors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In biomedical applications of machine learning, relevant information often has a rich structure that is not easily encoded as real-valued predictors.
```

> Examples of such structured data include DNA or RNA sequence, gene sets or pathways, gene interaction or coexpression networks, ontologies, and phylogenetic trees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples of such data include DNA or RNA sequences, gene sets or pathways, gene interaction or coexpression networks, ontologies, and phylogenetic trees.
```

> In this review, we highlight recent examples of machine learning models that incorporate structured data into model training or use structure to constrain model architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We highlight recent examples of machine learning models that use structure to constrain model architecture or incorporate structured data into model training.
```

> For future machine learning applications in biomedicine, particularly when sample size is limited or model interpretability is critical, incorporating prior knowledge in the form of structured data will remain a useful approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For machine learning in biomedicine, where sample size is limited and model interpretability is critical, incorporating prior knowledge in the form of structured data can be particularly useful.
```

> We foresee continued innovation and critical evaluation in this area going forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The area of research would benefit from performant open source implementations and independent benchmarking efforts.
```
